Documentation/Index.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=============================================================
LumoNet PHP Include
=============================================================

.. only:: html

	:Classification:
		extension_key

	:Version:
		|release|

	:Language:
		en

	:Description:
		enter description.

	:Keywords:
		comma,separated,list,keywords

	:Copyright:
		2015

	:Author:
		Thomas Off

	:Email:
		author@example.com

	:License:
		This document is published under the Open Publication License
		available from http://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

	:Rendered:
		|today|

	The content of this document is related to TYPO3,
	a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org <https://typo3.org/>`__.


	**Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 3
	:titlesonly:

	Introduction/Index
	UsersManual/Index
	AdministratorManual/Index
	Links

Commit message:

Adjust link list and main file.

Documentation/Index.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: Includes.txt


.. _start:

=============================================================
LumoNet PHP Include
=============================================================

.. only:: html

	:Classification:
		lumophpinclude

	:Version:
		|release|

	:Language:
		en

	:Description:
		This extension lets you include complete external PHP solutions (e.g. message boards or image galleries) into TYPO3. With this extension you are able to select a local PHP script as well as a call a script written in any language on a remote server via a real HTTP request.

	:Keywords:

	:Copyright:
		2015

	:Author:
		Thomas Off

	:Email:
		retiolum@googlemail.com

	:License:
		This document is published under the Open Publication License
		available from http://www.opencontent.org/openpub/

	:Rendered:
		|today|

	The content of this document is related to TYPO3,
	a GNU/GPL CMS/Framework available from `www.typo3.org <https://typo3.org/>`__.


	**Table of Contents**

.. toctree::
	:maxdepth: 3
	:titlesonly:

	Introduction/Index
	UsersManual/Index
	AdministratorManual/Index
	Links
